BD-2592 | Migrate contributing content to the '_home' directory (#6391)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_home/github/creating_a_pull_request.md

---
nav_title: Creating a pull request
page_order: 1
noindex: true
---

# Creating a Pull Request (PR)

> Learn how to create a Pull Request (PR) so you can review your working branch before requesting a review.

{% multi_lang_include contributing/prerequisites.md %}

## Creating a PR

> If you're ready to create a PR, that means you've already [created a new branch]({{sitebase.url}}/home/github/creating_a_new_branch/) and you're finished making changes. In the terminal, checkout your previous branch.

Reviewer: Suggestion for simplifying a bit:
```suggestion
If you're ready to create a PR, that means you already [created a new branch]({{sitebase.url}}/home/github/creating_a_new_branch/) and finished making changes. In the terminal, check out your previous branch.
```

```bash
git checkout BRANCH_NAME
```

Replace `BRANCH_NAME` with the branch name you created previously. Your output should be similar to the following:

```bash
$ git checkout fixing-typo-in-metadata
Switched to branch 'fixing-typo-in-metadata'
```

Add your changes and stage your commit.

```bash

> git add --all

Author: Good question! Either one is ok.

- `git add .` - The `.` is shorthand for "this directory". You can also do `./_docs/` to just add changes from the docs directory or `./_docs/_developer_guide/` to just add changes from the developer guide directory. The `.` is relative to your current location.
- `git add --all` - The `--all` flag will add _all_ changes in the current Git repository, regardless of your relative location. So even if you're in `cd ~/braze-docs/_docs/_user_guides/` and there is a change in `~/braze-docs/README.md`, the `--all` flag will still catch those changes.

While either one is definitely ok, the `--all` flag ignores the user's current location, which in many cases may be easier for new folks.

> git add --all

Reviewer 2: Ohhhh okay. That makes sense. I saw `-A` when I was searching online and didn't know if that was the same as `--all`, but it seems to be! Thank you for the explanation

> git add --all

Author: Ah yes exactly! _Generally_ with Unlix-like commands (this includes macOS), there's a short-form and long-form version of each command. For example (some made up commands):

```
-h, --help              Show the tool tips.
-v, --verbose        Display verbose output in the terminal.
-l, --list                  List the available packages.
```

git commit -m "COMMIT_MESSAGE"
```

Replace `COMMIT_MESSAGE` with a short sentence describing your changes. Your output should be similar to the following:

```bash

> $ git commit -m "Fixing a typo in the recommended software doc."

Author: Short answer, yes you can have punctuation. Long answer, here's the general rules:

You can surround your commit message with `''` or `""`. If you surround your commit with `""`, you could use the alternate quote-type within your message like this:

```
git commit -m "'Here's my commit message' - Michael Scott"
```

Also (IIRC) you can't use the `\` which is an escape character.

But all other characters are optionally permitted.

---

But to your point, it's probably best to demonstrate the simplest usage so new users don't need to learn the rules. So, good callout!
